The screens done for 23/02/14 by Adam:

V1 Screens:
1-Login-screen
		The screen in which employees will first come across. 
		This allows users to log onto our system and to access our features. 
		We will have a Forgotten Password feature to reset these passwords. 
		The login will fail if:
			The employee number is incorrect.
			the password is incorrect.
			If both are incorrect. 
		
2-Home Screen:
			Following a successful login, employees will enter this screen at first. 
			From here, the employee should have pathways to most of the other feature-screens. 
			We will have buttons to lead to the different screens. 
			We will have both a simple query search and an advanced search function.			
				Admins are able to reach the add employee screen from here to add, delete and edit employees in the system.
				Employees will be able to apply for sick leave from this screen. 
3-Add Screen
			This is a screen in which admin-level users will add new staff to their databases. 
			It will look similar to the account screen, but with editing enabled on names. 
			This screen will only be accessible to those with admin privileges. 
			Admins will be able to add contract details- such as contract length, contract commencing date, contract type. 
			
4-Account Screen
			This allows the employee to review their own information and 
			give a description of themselves/ what their tasks consist of.
			This also allows the staff themselves to delete the account. 
			We may will also add an "update password link " to this screen.
			Declares which level an employee is. 
			Allows employees to view contract details. 
			
			
5-Team Screen
		This is a manager-only screen. It allows them to build teams of different people for projects and the likes.
		It denotes the position of the member in the team.
		It is completed and added to the database through the "add" button.
		It can be edited on the same screen by simply deleting member details. 

6Menu Bar
		The menu bar which grazes atop each screen allows
		the user short-cuts to the important sections on the system.
		Features a help shortcut, which links the employee to a User Manual to our system. 
		
7-Advanced Search Screen 
		This screen allows the Employee to specify different query requirements.
		As of currently, we have three SEARCH BY values: By employee  first name, Surname and employee type. These are basic values.
		The system also automatically outputs results in Ascending order.
		However, we are also adding a GROUP BY features. The values are: Descending, Employee ID. 
		

8-Forgotten Password Screen 
		This screen allows the employee to choose which method they use to reset their passwords. 
		The two selections are: Answer your set security question.
											Send a link in an email to reset it. 
											
		This screen will be very similar to the other login and smaller screens
		
		
		
9-Security Question Screen
		This is a screen which allows you to access your account via the usage of a pre-set security question
		The employee will set this security question from their Account screen. 
		If the answer matches, the user will be allowed to reset their password to the account, just like in many other websites.
		
10-Resetting Password Screen
		This is the simple screen to reset your password. 
		You enter the new password twice. 
		If both match, the database will save the new password. 
		Else, the match will fail. 
		
11- Contract information Screen
		This displays a summarised version of the contract made between the employee and the company.
		The system will display: The contract length, the contract  type and the commencement of the contract.
		We may add the salary or wage of the employee to this screen. 
		This will not be editted by the Employee. An admin member must do this themselves. 
		
12-Contact Information Screen
		This will display the contact information, such as the phone number, email address and so on.
		this will be then inputed into by the Employee themselves, as phone numbers and email addresses can change. 
		
		 

				
14-Leave Application Screen 2
				This screen allows the user to specify reasons and days for which they are taking off. 
				We will eventually add a class function so that employees can choose their days more precisely. 